Went to 9 Tuktu, copper water line was frozen, after getting warm copper pipe to leak water behind hot water tank, housing repaired on Monday,.
 Had to clean lint from burner and replace nozzle, also cleaned soot from chimney and boiler, checked combustion air.
  close for new year
 Reset control box and tested.
 Checked furnace, tightened screw on fan assey.
 Boiler will be serviced today.
Heating system was going up o pressure, had to drain off pressure to replace relief valve, had to purge air from system and check controls and adjusted also turned on bypass for boiler which was turned off, also had to add glycol to system, bypass valve must be on in this system.
 Checked boiler, all normal.  Closed by-pass valve that should not be open, heat came through.
 Check and replace plugged air filter's.
 Ran out of fuel and had to bleed pmp to water heater.
Boiler was completely plugged, cleaned boiler and put back into service.
 Changed furnace filter.
 Replaced mother board and snap disc but ne power to burner, will need an electrician in the morning.
 brought over
 Replaced electronic ignitier as the old one burnt out.
 Replaced various components on burner and tested.
 No unusual noise but furnace won't start, checked and replaced faulty control box and tested.
 Replaced water pump.
 given to Colin
  close for new year
 Adjusted electrodes and tested.
 Checked furnace, replaced fuel pump and tested.
 Thoe bottom of fuel tank and all lines were frozen, emptied fuel into another fuel tank, brought frozen fuel tank to the sho overnight to thaw out, cleaned and took all the ice out, set up day tanks in unit for a day and a half, thawed out fuel lines with torches, brought tank back next day, rehooked everything up, filled fuel tank with new fuel, bled furnace and hot water maker until they both started, brought all the supplies back to the shop.
 One of the valves was loose, tightened valve.
 Fan wasn't working too good, changed the snap disc limit control.
  close for new year
  close for new year
 Checked furnace and oil fired water heater, working normally, sewage vent plugged.
 Furnace filter was really dirty, so replaced, checked for any problems afterwards and furnace was working properly.
 Replaced air filter and nozzle.
  close for new year
 Checked and replaced dirty nozzle and air filter, called back when everyone got off from storm, replaced worn coupling and tested.
 Tenant explained one of his visitors threw a ball into a heating vent and fell into the furnace, (heat exchanger), need to remove all plenum, w/o sent to Inukshuk,
  close for new year
 Checked furnace, ran it through hot cycle, all okay, changed oil fired water maker, the day before it was making noise and cleaning.
 Turn fuel valve off.  Take fuel line of burner take fitting off that had teflon on put a bunch of pipe dope.  Put everything back together.
  close for new year
 Replaced nozzles on furnace and hot water heater, clened soot from furnace, repaired plenum on furnace, cleaned lint build up from both burners, checked combustion air partly plugged with ice and snow build up, replaced filters on make up air side of furnace.
 Checked and replaced faulty fuel pump and tested.
 Fan was seized, took it all apart, came to the shop, could not find one the same, brought a furnace in from seacan to thaw out and replaced fan the next day.
 Replaced dirty air filter.
  close for new year
Thawed out tub drain.
 Replaced the nozzle on furnace, replaced fuel pump and replaced furnace filter, furnace got loud after all was changed, sent to Inukshuk for loud furnace.
 Found vibrating noise and starting rough, checked fan assembly bearing etc, there good, checked burner and found broken coupler, repaired and replaced nozzle in the burner, also checked air filter in furnace and turned over to match direction of air filter, set up air on burner.
  close for new year
 One of the workers forgot to turn switch on, i flicked the switch on and furnace went on.
 Tested both furnace and water heater, working normally.
 Furnace was not running, housing fuel pump was broken plus had to replace pump electrodes and nozzle plus tightened oil line.
 Removed fan assembly and re-built at shop and cleaned out, re-installed and tested.
 Furnace was on reset, pushed reset button and waited to see if it was working good, furnace stayed on.
 Checked and reset control box and waited for full cycle.
 Replaced parts.
 Changed becket eletronic ignitor, got furnace going.
  close for new year
 Tightened up bolts and screws around fan assy.
 Checked and replaced plugged air filter and tested.
 Checked bathroom, the floor is all rotted, will need to repair siding of skirting aound sewage tank.
 Checked furnace, replaced plugged nozzle and restarted, furnace still smoking, shut furnace down for the night, (tenant was ok with it), need to check fire pot in the morning.
 Replaced burner on water heater, took apart flue to check and cleaned soot from furnace, replaced nozzle and reset air, adjusted also cleaned out combustion air vent, it was plugged, installed damper on furnace flue pipe and repaired return air duct which was drawing all combustion air from furnace, also cleaned out fan on furnace and secured unit under furnace, note: had to put heater in unit, very cold.
 Tenant had no heat so I checked furnace, pressed reset button and it went on.
 Checked and bled vents in mechanical room and checked for heat, called again on the 27th, w/o sent to Inukshuk,
  close for new year
 No heat call.  Boiler lost it pressure.  Needed more glycol.  We added 5 gallons, installed new relief valves and new expansion tank.
 Zone valve was stuck open, replaced zone valve.
 Zone valve stuck, unhooked lines to get glycol pushing through and rehook up.
 Wire for thermostat was off, reconnected wire.
 Boiler was low pressure, addled glycol.
 Boiler had no pressure, picked up glycol and pump from shop, filled up and re-circulate.
 Zone valve was stuck so opened manually.
 Released air lock.
 Loosen sticky motor on zone valve.
 Zone valve was stuck open, opened valves are getting stuck because of the bad glycol.
 Checked and loosen sticky motor in mechanical room and checked for heat.
 Replaced the nozzle, cleaned and reset the electrode.
 OBM Larry serviced.
  close for new year
 Adjusted air intake on burner, checked air filters.
 Replaced furnace filter.
 Ran out of fuel, called fuel truck, had to bleed furnace after delivery.
 Replaced furnace filter.
 Checked furnace and hot water maker, noise came from when sewage was being pumped out.
 Furnace made a loud bang and blew damper right out of smoke pipe, took apart burner, checked transformer and primary control, checked electrodes, had to be adjusted and replaced nozzlem checked coupler and oil pump, replaced both, checked chimney for obstructions, ok, adjusted air on burner.
 Tenant called that furnace shut off, told tenants needs to wait till Monday to get it serviced.
 W/O sent to Inukshuk to service the oil fired water heater and check furnace.
 Change nozzle and clean it up.
 Checked furnace, adjusted flame for now.  Furnace will be serviced next day.
Check and reset control box and tested.
 Reset button.
 Loose wire in thermostat, tightened all wires.
 brought over
 Checked furnace, problem with mother board or fan motor, w/o to be sent to electrican next day.
 Changed nozzle and filter to furnace.
Air locked.
Had to replace oil pump as well as coupler and nozzle.
  OBM Larry serviced.
 Primed fuel pump.
 Replaced the nozzle, adjusted an flow to the burner, checked olf flow to the vent.
 Went to unit, inspected furnace.  Had no power due to loose wire.  Re-connected wire and furnace was back in good working order.
 Replaced dirty air filters.
Dampers blew off furnace and water heater due to puff back, had to replace old burner on water heater due to lots of worn out parts, had to make up new oil line and also replaced draft regulator on furnace and water heater also thermostat was broken.
 Checked and replaced burner motor and tested.
 Had to re-use the motor that was reolaced the day before, newer model didn't have the hp.
  close for new year
 Went to unit, furnace was off, checked for fuel and bled pump, furnace still didn't were so changed nozzle.
 Started up furnace, adjusted fan control, checked air filter.
Boiler was out on low water condition, tridavator gauge full of glycol leaking, replaced gauge and to drain down boiler, refilled system up to pressure and started heating house along with assistance of electric heaters, house was very cold, had to purge large amount of air from system, burner was full of lint and not running well, had to replace nozzle and clean lint out of burner also replaced air vent nd set up indirect heater with proper temperature.
 Someone had shut the fuel line valve off from outside.
 Checked and replaced dirty nozzle and tested.
 Removed burner and brought to shop, cleaned, replaced fuel pump, replaced nozzle, reinstalled burner and restarted, checked for leaks.
 Checked nozzle, it was new nozzle, checked filter, was good, ther was abit of fuel in drip tray, dried with paper towel and sprayed odorgon.
 Grabbed the glycol pump and 5 gallon of glycol, pumped the boiler up, tried to tak hose off the drain but the seal blew off, had to drain glycol from boiler into 45 gallen drum, changed pressure gauge and boiler drained, then repumped all the glycol back into boiler and waited for it to reach temperature.
 Drained boiler, pressure temperature gauge leaking and drain valve leaking, had to change them then filled boiler up to correct pressure.
 Went and inspected inside and out on the roof, pipes were spotless, no black smoke at all.
 Lots of heat in unit when i arrived.
 Heat is working, too cold outside.
 Checked heating, put emergency switch on in unit B and boiler came on.
 Nothing wrong with heating system, lots of heat, cold floor.
 Checked and raised boiler temperature by 10*, zone valve okay.
 Checked voiler and pressure was good, checked unit and all lines were good, getting cold from floors.
 Teste thermostat and zone valves, working normally, too cold out.
 Checked nozzle, clean, removed ice built up on chimney and checked boiler.
 Someone had shut off boiler switch.
 Old boiler was sooting up.  We removed boiler and replaced with new Weil Mclain boiler and Reillo Burner.
 Checked and loosen sticky motor on zone and tested thermostat.
 Zone valve was stuck, opened manually.
 Picked up glycol and pump from shop to go mechanical room, pumped up to 20psi and turned thermostat up and waited for boiler to reach temperature.
  close for new year
  close for new year
 Boiler pressure was low because of leak on boiler drain, pumped up with glycol and put a lid on drain.
 Pressurized boilet to 15psi and checked for heat, called again at 7:15, reset hi-limit control.
 Checked boiler, replaced faulty relief valve, replaced faulty tridicator, pressurized boiler to 20psi and checked for heat.
  close for new year
 Replaced zone valve as the old one kept getting stuck open or closed.
 Replaced 2 auto vents and pressure/relief valves, pressurized boiler and checked for heat.
 Loosen sticky motor on circulator and tested.
 Pressurized boiler and checked for heat.
  close for new year
  close for new year
 Replaced burnt out circulator and 1 1/4 ball valves, old ball valve was cracked and we replaced with new.
 Complete
Checked boiler, pressuurized to 20psi, replaced hydrostat and low water cut off, restarted boiler and waited fr full cycle.
Complete.  Burner motor seized, needs to be replaced.
 Got Lionel from Inukshuk to help me.  Picked up riello motor from a new burner.
 Checked boiler, reset control box and waitied for full cycle of boiler.
 Expansion tank diaphragm ruptured, had to replace, also had to replace zone valve from main floor and added glycol to system and purge air from heating system, returned on October 19 to recheck heating, all systems fine.
 Boiler was on reset, reset it and waited fr everything to reach temperature.
 Adjusted zone valve, bled air in lines, air locked.
 Closed all vents.
 Checked heating, replaced faulty zone valve and tested.
 Randy called me to 3A and 3M Kalvik, wire was loose on zone valve and motor was stuck, after fixing wire heat began to work.
 Pipes air locked, bled the bleeders in unit and mechanical room.
 Bled air vents in units and mechanical room, air locked.
 Air lock.
 Checked heating, bled all vents in mechanical room, 02/28- bled more vents in mechanical room.
Air lock.
 Checked and pressureuzed boiler  to 20psi and checked for heat.
 Checked boiler, restarted burner and checked for heat 2hrs later.
 04/22-pressurized boiler to 20 psi and checked for heat, 04/23-bled vents and checked again.
 Boiler was low on glycol.  Boiler was also air locked.  Installed purge valves on supply and return on boiler and new gauge.  Plumbing was frozen.  Repaired number of leaks in frozen pipe, installled new kitchen taps, new cartridge in bathtub and basin faucet.
 Tightened furnace switch.
 emailed
 Boiler was overheating and way over high limit, shut boiler off and picked up 2 heaters for unit.
  close for new year
 Zone valve was stuck clsoed, opened manually.
 Restarted boiler, adjusted electrodes and tested.
 Replaced zone valve.
  close for new year
 Zone valve was stuck closed, turned valve manually and it pushed through.
 Checked boiler and zone, loosen motor on zone valve and checked for heat.
  close for new year
 Checked boiler, pressurize and checked for heat.
 Check and bleed all vents in Mech. Rm until heat came through.
 Checked and pressurize boiler to 15 PSI and tested.
 04/24- went to the mechanical room and the alarm was sounding off, once i disconnected the system and replaced the broken device the system would still set off alarm, I called the fire department for c/o levels which were fine, after placing 2 new smoke detectors the system was functioning. 04/27- i was informed that the system was in alarm mode over the weekend and needed to replace all3 devices, the system is functioning properly.
 Replaced no good zone valve.
 Checked and bled all air vents in mechanical room and checked for heat.
  close for new year
 Checked boiler, ble air vents and checked for heat.
  close for new year
 Adjust zone valve.  Was stuck.
 Zone valve stuck closed, re-opened it and got the unit circulating.
 Re-adjusted zone valve.
 Zone valve was stuck closed, held by a wire, moved the wire and got zone circulating again.
 Checked boilers and zones, boiler switch was off.  (Maybe squackers again).  Switch boiler on and check for heat.
  close for new year
 Air locked.
Kids broke automatic air vent of radiator in porch.  We shut off supply and return for heting.  We removed old air vent and replaced with new air vent and valves.  We also added 5 gallons glycol to system.
 Zone valve was stuck closed, manually re-opened and heat pushed through.
 Boiler was low on glycol, added glycol.
 Replaced not good zone valve.
 close, duplicate
 Checked boiler and thermostat, boiler is working normally and thermostat  and zone valve works fine, too warm outside.
 Checked heating at 4:45 pm, need to return after supper 6;00, re-fill glycol make up tank, pressurize boiler to 20psi and check for heat.
 Zone valve was stuck, opened manually.
 Checked boiler room and zone valve for unit, there was no heat throught the lines, it was just too hot outside.
 Checked boiler room and everything was working, maybe drafty door and windows.
 Added glycol, pressure was low.
 Checked zone valve and it wasn't working, replaced zone valve, replaced broken flush lever.
 Checked boilers, pressurized boilers to 15* psi and checked for heat.
 Zone valve was stuck, had to replace, also had to replace auto air vent in back bedroom as it was leaking glycol into crawlspace, building heating system was at 0psi, had to add 5gal of glycol to bring system up to pressure, monitored system and purged air from system.
 Boiler will be serviced soon and repairs will be done
 Added glycol.
 Boiler was off when i got there so i added glycol, boiler now running.
  close for new year
 Checked and pressurized boiler to 20psi, bled all vents and checked for heat.
 Boiler was low on pressure, added glycol to boiler.
  close for new year
  close for new year
 Checked both boilers, all normal, checked water pump.
 Checked out mechanical room with Randy, unit was cool, after short time heat began to work, slow recovery.
 Circ pump was stuck.  Used screw driver to get it going again.  Also added glycol to boiler's.
 Tridicator on boiler was leaking through the face of the gauge.  Put temporary plug until new gauge could be found.  Friday-installed new tridicator gauge.
  close for new year
 Replaced furnace filter.
 Tested boiler, heat and hot water is ok.
 Reset control box and tested.
 Chimney clean out cap rusted through, replaced it, supplied by cbha, adjusted electrodes and replaced relay control, all supplied by cbha.
 Reset burner.
 Checked heating, working fine.
 Smoke was coming from next door, neighbors house, private home owner.
  close for new year
Suite A, there was controlling suite B, RE: circulator pump and vise versa, corrected boiler wiring, controllers were connected parolell.
Checked Boiler and it is off
 Checked all mechanicals in boiler room, all normal.
 Checked unit and mechanical roo for fuel smell, could not find anything.
 Checked unit for heat and all pipes were pushing hot.
 Investigated a no heat call and discovered that the wiring system for the boiler had to be rewired correctly.  Thermostat had to be reconnected.
 Picked up Kevin for assistance with wiring.
 Checked mechanical room for issues, everything was good, checked unit and all pipes were hot, tenants door will need to be changed as it is damaged by dog's chain.
 Checked boiler and was good, checked circulator pump and both supply and return lines were hot, cold house because of door, tenant damaged door from dogs chain leaving inside house when door closed.
 Checked boiler and zones, all normal, heat is on.
 Circulator pump was seized so we changed the pump.
 Circulator pump was seized so we replaced with new one.
 Electrical issue, direct wired the circulator pump for the night, Inukshuk electrician went the next day.
 Circulator pump stuck closed, opened manually and started pushing through.
 Checked and replaced burnt out pump and tested.
 Restarted circulator pump in mechanical room for B and for A.
 Circulator pump was stuck, opened manually with screw driver.
 Checked heating, replaced circulator pump and tested.
 Replaced burnt out motor circulator pump and checked for heat.
 Checked all vents underneath the house and all were free of obstruction.
 Checked mechanical room, all good, locked room door.
  close for new year
  close for new year
 Replaced faulty zone valve for room heat and tested.
  close for new year
  close for new year
 Circulator pump was stuck closed so I switched to the 2nd circulator pump and glycol started flowing, will have to replace 1st circulator pump.
 Circulator pump was stuck closed, adjusted it.
 Reset circulator pump.
 Turned down tstat for crawl space and wter tank room, both zone valves running wild, returned Sept.11 turned back on crawl space heating and water tank room, heating checked glycol psi and altered circ pump.
 Circulator pump stuck, got it free and going.
 Found broken wire on circulator pump #1 and made repairs, replaced air vent on air scoop, also intalled pet cock valve for easy replacement in future, added glycol to system 10psi to 20psi.
 Pump still working, cleaned the glycol strainer pressured system back up.
 Circulator pump stuck, used flat head to get pump recirculating.
 Boiler 2 was on reset, reset the boiler and waited for it to heat up.
 Complete.  Wrong thermostat installed and hot wter maker wired incorrectly.
 given to Dean   close for new year
 Complete.
  close for new year
  close for new year
 Zone valve stuck, reset it.
Had to show new tenants how to activate zone valves off thermostats, had to exerize valves which were stuck shut due to inactivity.
 Had to manually open zone valve for the night then retured on the 14th to replace zone valve in bedroom and checked thermostat returned on Novemeber 19 to work on heating in spare bedroom in unit 205 and got boiler #1 working.
 Checked fo heat in unit and all heating lines were hot, noticed that there is not a lot of heating fins around pipes, that causes not enough heat.

  close for new year
  close for new year
 Zone valve was sticky, had to play with thermostat.

Unit had no heat, flow on 1st or second floor, had to install boiler drains in order to get severe air locks out of system, used glycol pump to push through, had to return to install 2 zone valves and thermostat and cleaned up site and discarded glycol, also checked pressure in boiler room, it's good at 20psi.
  close for new year
 Restarted boiler #1 and checked for heat.
 Low water cut off gave out, replaced with new oe from Inukshuk.
  close for new year
 sent to Inukshuk
 Complete.
 Zone valve was sticking also unit had old mercry thermostat which was getting worn, replaced items and tested, returned on Oct.8, to add glycol to the heating system, pressure on whole building was below 7psi, boosted system up to 20psi.
 Had to manually open zone valves, returned to replace zone valve and thermostat for upstairs heating zone.
 Tenant says lower floor of unit too cold, checked this morning, the zone was on and heating, replaced thermostat, may have been not reading properly, malfunctiong
 Restarted boiler #2 and checked for heat.

  close for new year

  close for new year
  close for new year
  close for new year
  close for new year
  close for new year
  close for new year
  close for new year
  close for new year
  close for new year
 Replaced brunt out zone valve.
  close for new year
 Replaced zone valve cause old one wasn't working.
 I was asked by Dean from Inukshuk to look into a sewage problem he was having with the unit, after investing the problem i seen that the sewage float switch wasm't wired in and the solenoid for the hot water wasn't wired in, i wired and tested the system and it works properly.
 Checked attic and hrv was off already, shut both sewage and sewage stack zone valves.
 May4- went to unit, checked thermostat and radiator, thermostat works properly and the radiator was off, i will return tomorrow to see if anything changes, May6- went to unit and turned off hrv.
 Boilers wre off due to low fuel, called fuel truck, bled lines after fuel delivery.
  close for new year
 Checked and replaced faulty.
 w/o sent to Inukshuk for an electrican.
 given to Colin
 Piping underneath was cracked in 2 placed under insulation, insulation froze, also building sank was out of grade bu 3'' by sewage tank, had to remove cladding and insulation from drains piping, made repairs to piping and put grade back to drainage line, had to adjust all hangers for proper grade then reinsulate piping and reinstalled cladding, had to cover up access joints with plywood as well as clean up site, tested all drainage and heat trace as well.
 Zone valve was shut off accidently wen working on solenoid valves, opened zone valves.
 Checked and reset control box in mechanical room and checked for heat later,
 Check and reset both boiler's, wait for heat.
 Five plex was out of fuel, called fuel truck and bled boilers after fuel delivery.
 Checked and bled fuel line/pumps on both boilers and restarted, checked both boilers later in the day.
 Checked bulbs and thernostat, room temperature is above 20, thermostat was set too low.
 Opened valves for hrv.
 Check and pressurize boilers to 14 PSI and check for heat.  (Glycol make-up tank needs to be refilled).
 Went to unit 31A, zone valve was stuck closed (no heat).  Replaced with new zone valve.
 Turned off valves for hrv in attic, putting off alot of heat, will return in a month or two to turn back on when getting cold out.
 Tried adding glycol to boiler 1 as it wasn't on, can go on but can't stay on, picked up Simon to help me change ther circulator for pump, changed pump and still not working, called Inukshuk and Dean came and bypassed the low water cutoff to keep pumps going.
 Checked and loosen sticky motor in attic.
 Air lock.
 Circulating line for heat broke apart.  I removed old copper and replace with new.
 Checked and loosen sticky motor on zone valve.
 Copper joints were leaking glycol.  I cut out old copper and replace with new.
  close for new year
 Tightened all valves, 1 valve was loose that's why was leaking.
 Glycol tank was almost empty and i added 7 gallons.
  close for new year
 given to Dean
  close for new year
 Checked heating system, no heat going through the radiators, too nice outside.
 Zone valve was locked open.
 Checked and replaced faulty zone for crawl space and tested.
 Replaced faulty zone valve.
 Tenant said heat started working before I arrived to unit, everything was fine on boiler.
 Had to bleed fuel pump.
 Opened air vent, bled the furnace and pressed reset button and it went and stayed on.
 Glycol pressure was at 0, went to the shop to grab 5gal of glycol and the pump, pumped boiler up to 20 pounds and reset burner, waited for head to reach temperature.
 Sept.14 pumped glycol into boiler but wouldn't pressurize.  Found and repair leak in crawl space, went back after supper to finish job (pressurize boiler and restart).
 REpaired leaking solder joint on 3/4" radiation in crawl space.  Next day purged entire heating system crawl space was air locked.
 Checked unit for heat, boiler was working fine, maybe another issue with something else.
 Zone valve was burnt out, replaced with new.
 Checked and pressureized boiler to 15psi and checked for heat.
 REset control box and tested.
  close for new year
 The breaker for the circulator pump was tripped, reset and circulator pump started pushing through.
 Replaced old nozzle.
 Check and did partial service and restart boiler and tested.
 Checked boiler, picked up O.B.M Larry and we did a complete service of boiler, restart and tested.  Did boiler efficiency test.
 given to Dean
 Circulator pump stuck, reset it to get going.
 Zone valve was broken, Keven the plumber went back and replaced it and did something else.
 2 valves were seized up and wouldn't open.  We removed all 3 original zone valves and replaced with new.
  close for new year
Checked and loosen stuck circulator pump and tested.
  close for new year
 Tested thermostat for heat, working normally.
Checked heating system in buildingfor glycol leak, found expansion tank on boiler to have ruptured diaphram, had to replace both tanks and repair piping assoviated with tanks, also required glycol leak in 36A, repaired and checked all units for any potential leaks also replaced zone valve in unit 36A, repaired toilet, cleaned out hrv, replaced basin faucet, replacedsheet off valves for basin and made repairs to livingroom window and replaced pop up drain on basin sink, installed back water valves on sewer tanks, for unit BCD, also checked drainage pipies and heat traces and put sewage tank cover back on units BCD, found bad sewage leak under unit 36B and generated new work order to repair, also reported problem with water fill pipe in boiler room, not accepting water fill upproperly, checked piping for obstructions and reported to NHC and they put forward a work order to repair problem which is to increase pipimg from 2 copper to 3'' pvc piping.
 Circulator pump was stuck, got the top one going then the bottom one stopped, ended up getting both unstuck, added glycol from makeup tank.
 Circulator pump stuck, reset it to get going.
 replace  pump and hooked up eletrical, replaced air vent on air purger, put chimney base cap back on tightly, added glycol to system bringing pressure up to 20psi from 10psi, note: expansion tank has small leak (have pictures), returned May 27 to install new expansion tank, had to drain part of heating system to replace expansion tank when new tanks was installed, had to bring system back up to pressure to make sure all air was purgeed from system
 Loosen stuck motor on wall vent and boiler automatically came on.
 Checked both boilers, out of fuel.  Called qillaq for fuel and waited till they delivered.  Bleed all fuel lines and both pumps, restart both boilers and check for heat.
 Checked and restarted boiler 1 and checked for heat and hot water 1hr later.
 Zone valve wasn't working, replaced zone valve.
 Check and presserize boiler and check for heat.  Tighten up hose for laundry.
 Reset burner.
 Boilers were off due to no fuel, called fuel truck and bled boilers.
 Ran out of fuel, called Qillaq for fuel, waited for them then bled the boilers.
 Out of fuel, called Qillaq, bled pump after delivery.
  close for new year
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drained the same  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Picked up Larry, changed furnace coupling.
 Looked all over house for fuel smell and couldn't find any.  Checked under kitchen cabinets that tenant said was from from.  Can get a smell for few seconds and goes away.  There was a barrel with a bit of diesel fuel outside kitchen window that we think might be coming from.
 Checked all around interior of unit, couldn't find any smell of fuel anywhere.  Noticed a barrel outside unit and was 1/4 full with fuel.  Notified tenant that the smell was coming from there.  Will need to move monday.
 Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel tank, reinstalled the drip leg back onto the fuel tank.

  Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel tank, reinstalled the drip leg back onto the fuel tank.
 Released air lock.
 Loosen sticky motor on zone and tested.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel supply tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled it on the fuel supply tank.
  Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel tank, reinstalled the drip leg back onto the fuel tank.
  Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel tank, reinstalled the drip leg back onto the fuel tank.
 Replaced plugged filter.
  Removed the drip leg from the fuel supply tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled it on the fuel supply tank.
  Removed the drip leg from the fuel supply tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled it on the fuel supply tank.

  Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled it on the fuel tank.


  Removed the drip leg from the fuel supply tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled it on the fuel supply tank.
 Re-wired the zone to the hot water maker
 10/29- Replaced zone valve & thermostat and tested.  10/30- No heat call found loose wire and repaired.  10/31- No heat call loosen sticky motor on zone & tested
 Check mech. room, boiler was low on pressure so i added glycol to system. Boiler was working good but still couldn't go through. Noticed a loose wire for thermostat and zone valve so put back on and tested.  No issues after
 Zone valve needed to be replaced.
  Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled it on the fuel tank.
 Replaced the furnace with a new complete with plenum, boiler, oil line, thermostat, etc.

 No heat, got it going again.

  Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled the drip leg back on the fuel tank.

 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drained the same  Re-installed the drip leg
  Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled the drip leg back on the fuel tank.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drain the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Circle thermostat not holding screws, replaced with spare thermostat and tested.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drain the same  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Checked and replaced faulty control box and tested. (control box not from stock but from new burner)
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drain the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel tank
 Checked furnace, working normally, replaced dirty air filter.
 Pressurized boiler to 15psi and checked for heat.
 Checled furnace and was not much beat pushing through vents, replaced air filter that tenant bought himself.
 Changed furnace filter that t enant brought, couldn't figure out why smoke coming out of draft controls, sent to Jago.
Completed
 Checked with tenants and they said the smell went away.

 Housing removed the burner and disassembled in their shop. had to find replacement burner, had to modfy mounting plate on boiler for new burner, made repairs ro chimney damper as well, replaced nozzle and oil filter cartridge.
 Checked to see where leak was and was leaking on the union, union was loose so tightened and tested for leaks.
 Installed new well mclean boiler with all new piping and electrical controls.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank. -Drained the ice and water from the drip leg  Re-installed the same
 Remove the drip leg from the fuel tank. -Drained ice & water. Re-installed drip leg
 Removed and drain the drip leg on the fuel tank.  -Reinstalled the same
 Cleaned and service boiler.
 Demo boiler room now waiting cbha carpenters to repair boiler room  flooring then can return to finish job.
 Removed the drip leg & drained ice and re-installed the same
 Hooked up F-5 oil burner on new boiler as well as new oil filter and oil line, made up new smokepipe including draft regulater, base tee and cleanout cap, cut draft reulator into new smokepipe, installed blacked vent swithc on smokepipe.
 Completed
 Switch for zone valve was bent a little and was stuck on close, manuallt opened switch and made a bit straighter, tested with thermostat.
 Replaced zone valve.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank -Drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drain the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Remove the drip lef from the fuel tank -Drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg
 Checked furnace, this furnace is slated to be replaced in the spring of 2022, checked water heater, replaced the nozzle in both the furnace and water heater, replaced  cracked fan belt, replaced 2 15x29 air filters, replaced the oil filter cartridge.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank -Drained the drip leg  Re-installed the same
 Remove the drip leg from the fuel tank -Drained the same  Re-installed the drip leg
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank -Drained the ice and water.  Re-installed the drip leg
 Removed the drip leg on the fuel tank. -Drained the same   Re-installed
 Check and tighten loose bolts on fan assy & tested
 Tenant called about fumes from furnace, back fire causing smoke to fill mechanical room, reset and now working good, also put cover place back on.
 Removed the drip leg on the fuel tank and drained ice.  -Re-installed drip leg
 Removed drip leg on oil tank,  drained the same and re-installed
 Checked furnace and fuel lines, no leakage, replaced plugged air filter.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drain the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Furnace working normally, replaced plugged air filter.
 given to Dean
Tightened all nuts.
 Furnacae and oil fired hot water maker full of soot, cleaned both units, changed burner on furnace with new riello parts supplied by CBHA, cleaned floor after bob, too much soot around.
 Checked furnace, Inukshuk was there the other day, w/o sent to them.
 Removed drip leg from the fuel tank and drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Replaced furnace filter.
 Tightened all fittings around filter for fuel and cleaned up oil spill in drip pan, applied odorgon.
 Replaced faulty oil filter.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drain the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel tank


 Removed the dripleg from the fuel storage tank and drain the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg
 Picked up heater at Jago and disposed of the old leaky heater and installed the new one, we replaced badly bent fuel line as well as re-wired the aquastat to the new heater and oil burner.
 Checked for fuel leak, there were no leaks.
 Checked and replaced faulty pump on hot water maker and tested.
.Checked fuel lines and the filter was leaking, want to the shop and grabbed odorgon and went back to unit, cleaned leak and tightened fuel filter, put down odorgan and cleaned mess.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drain the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel tank
 Checked and tightened fittings around fuel lines and cleaned up work area.
 Checked furnance,  replaced faulty fuel pump and tested
 Removed and drain the drip lef on the fuel tank  Re-installed the drip leg
 Went to unit and checked on thermostat, it wasn't working properly, I went to the shop to get a new thermostat, installed and tested.
 Wrong thermostat was installed, installed right thermostat.
 Changed air filter.
 Removed and drain the drip leg from the fuel tank  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Removed a napsack that was laying on furnace smokepipe (ready to ignite), tighted fittins, checked for oil leak (none), all seems ok to me, told the tenant to keep area clean and free of clothing, boxes etc.

 Removed and drain the drip lef from the oil tank  Re-installed the drip leg
 Remove and drain the drip leg from the fuel tank  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Removed and drain the drip leg from the fuel tank  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Removed and drain the drip lef from the fuel tank  Re-installed the same
 Removed the drip lef from the fuel tank and drain the dripleg  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel tank
 HWM had a leak, had to remove water tank to switch HWM, replaced hwm and put tank back together. John Wood oil fired hwm from Inukshuk.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drain the drip leg  Re-installed drip leg back on the fuel tank
 Check drip leg for ice.  Drained the oil tank drip leg
 Removed old fan bearing and shaft and pulley on worn out vent and repaired.
.Had to put in temperture heater, also had to trouble shoot furnace, had to replace circuit board and thermostat.
 Checked furnance, reset control box and waited for full cycle.
 Checked and replaced faulty primary control box and tested.
 Replaced burner control, cbha supplied part.

 Tenant came by for a filter

 Reset furnace.
 Tightened all fittings on fuel line and checked around.
 Went to unit after hours, furnace would not restart, had to check fuel valv which was closed, bled burner and was back in good working order.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drain the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel tank
 Changed coupler on fuel tank.
 Furnace would not start due to worn out coupling.  Replaced it and is in good working order.
 Removed the drip lef from the fuel tank and drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel tank
 Replaced a fuel pump as well as a cut a size coupling.
 Replaced dirty air filter.
 Replaced 2 16x25 air filters.

 Checked boiler, loosen sticky motor on zone and tested.
 Add glycol to boiler.
 Removed and drained the drip leg on the fuel supply tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the tank
 Had to get electrician in to solve and repair electrical problem on boiler 2, had to replace leaking gauge on boiler and replace relieve valve also installed pet cock and new aut vent, had to repair crack on sewer tank, also had to install new shower water and overflow and new shower heat, tested float as well.
 Removed and drain the drip leg from the fuel supply tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Checked mechanical room and boiler was good, pressure was good, but nothing pushing through, manually spun zone valve and waited for heat to push through, opened by-pass valve and started pushing through, close by-pass and checked units heat was started to push through.
 Pressurized boilet to 20psi and checked for heat.

 Replaced thermostat purshased from Jago, zone valve not responding to thermostat, left wires off zone valve so tenant can have house heat overnight.
Checked heating, released air from vents and tested
 Loosen sticky motor on zone valve and tested.
 Reconnected wires in mechanical room, thermostat wire to zone valve.
 Checked and loosec sticky motor on zone and tested.
 Zone valve was stuck, opened normally.
 Loosen sticky motor on zone and tested
 Bled all vents in mechanical room and checked for heat.
 Inquire out problem with system, replaced zone valve not opening on a call for heat, only partially opening, checked operation of thermostat, all ok.
 Did semi-annual PM on furnace and oil fired water heater.
 Completed

 Burner motor was seized, I replaced the motor, when I remove the burner to replace the motor the gaskett on the burner broke in pieces so I replaced it.


 Checked fuel tank first, was full, went into unit and pressed reset button on burner, burner went on, tested with thermostat to see if shut off and go back on, was working good after testing.

 Checked and replaced diry nozzle and tested.
 Checked furnace room and tenant had shut off furnace night before because of black smoke, checked piping for foot and was clean, took off the nozzle and was no good, went to shop to replace, put back together and tested furnace, no issues after changing nozzle.

Checked fuel tank and was full, checked furnace and was on reset, pushed reset button and furnace kicked in, waited till the furnace shut off and tested thermostat to see if ok, will need to to check issues.
 We replaced the oil burner with a F5 Riello because w didn't have parts in stock to repair the old unit.
 Removed the drip legs from the fuel tanks and drained both drip legs.  Re-installed both drip legs on 2 seperate tanks.
 Checked furnace, fan not coming on soon enough, adjusted fan/limit and tested.

 Removed and drain the drip leg from the fuel tank  Re-installed the drip leg
 Removed the drip lef from the fuel tank and drained the same  Re-installed the drip leg
 Removed and drained the fuel tank drip leg  Re-installed the same
 Unit had not heat, replaced with new zone valve and replaced radiator, plumbing water pipes were froze and split apart, replaced copper water lines with plastic pex pipe.
 Heat going through, not enough finnage in unit, cold out, alwass this problem.
 Removed ice from door, checked heating lines and they were hot, always see tenant smoking out door with door wide open.
Released air lock from boiler.


 emailed
 Air locked.
 Checked zone and boiler,  Heat going through!  Increased boiler temp. to 190
 Reset burner control box in B and tested.
 Check and loosen sticky motor on zone valve and tested.
 Zone valve was stuck, opened normally.
 Zone valves was stuck so opened manually
Replaced Zone Valve and Auto Vent
 Checked heating, air locked in system, released air and tested.
 Went to unit, not much heat, found zone valve that was not wined, hooked it up and heat started flowing.
 Checked heating, pressurized boiler and tested.
 Checked boiler, pressed reset button but wouldn't fire, pressure was loose, went to shop to grab glycol pump and glycol, added glycol and primed fuel pump, boiler started.

Burner was on reset, manually turned air damper and burner turned on, w/o sent to Inukshuk on 2nd call.
 handed to Dean
 Boiler was low on glycol, added glycol to boiler
CBHA was installing new water pump hand to trace wiring and rewired water pump for it to work,
 Threaded black piping on boiler, piping on supply and reburn were all leaking and rusted out, replaced all piping and controls on boiler, also added new radiabibn to main floor due to damaged radiation.
 Changed thermostat on heating system for main floor zone.
 Completed
 Tenant had no heat.  No pressure on boiler.  We added 2 gallons of glycol was needed
 Tenant called saying house was frozen so went to check it out, boiler was off due to low water, topped up glycol and restated boiler, was in good working order.
 Check and tighten all fittings around burner.
.Got to unit and noticed the valve for fuel tank was shut off, turned on and went inside to put boiler on, boiler started after pushing reset button and waited for boiler to heat up.
 Checked an closed by-pass valve that shouldn't have been open and checked for heat.
 Checked boiler room, zone valve for unit 152 was stuck closed. Opened mannually and heat started pulling through. May need a certified OBM to look at as having problems with heating.
 Tested zone's in boiler room, all working normally.
 Checked & bleed all air vents & checked for heat
 Bled auto vents in unit and checked for heat.
 Checked and loosen sticky motor on zone and tested, checked range, found faulty 30amp breaker, will need tan electrician to replace breaker for stove on Monday,
Air lock.
 Replaced faulty zone valve and tested.
 Bled all vents in mechanical room and tested.

 Checked boiler room, only unit C had no heat so opened zone valve manually heat pushed through.
 Checked heating system, boilers are ok, released air lock and checked for heat.
 Manually opened zone valve and tested with thermostat, boiler pressure and temperathre was ok.

 Released all air from vents in mechanical room and checked for heat.
 Released air lock in mechanical room and checked for heat.
 Air lock.
 Added glycol to boiler and opened zone valves.
 Zone valve was stuck, opened manually,
 Replaced zone valve burt needed an electrican to re-wire 2 zones.
Had to get electrician into solve and repair electrical problem on boiler 2, had to replace leaking gauge on boiler and replace relieve valve also installed pet cock and new auto vent, had to repair crack on sewer tank also had to install new shower water and new shower heat, tested float as well.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank  -Drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Checked and adjusted fire and tested.
 Released air lock from boiler.

 Removed and drain the drip leg from the fuel tank  Re-installed the same
 Replaced nozzle.
 Checked and bled air vents in mechanical room and checked for heat.
 Checked and bled vents in mechanical room and tested, checked boiler temperature and pressure.
 Released air lock from boiler.
 Checked and bled vents in mechanical room and checked for heat.

 Boiler was low on pressure, added glycol to boiler 1, system was airlocked in 4D, opened auto air vent to loosen the air, glycol pushed through.
 Checked and found loose wire for zone and rewired, tested thermostat.
 Went to mechanical room and tried to manually free zone valve and went to unit to bleed air from vents, added glycol to system because it was low, still nothing was flaring, tried shutting other valves to push through, unit D only but still nothing flaring, opened by pass valve and glycol started pushing through, checked unit for heat and it was good.
 Tennat called for no heat so went to pick up Neal for assistance

 Bled all vents in mechanical room and checked for heat, boiler temperature and pressure normal.
 Checked and replaced faulty zone valve and tested.

 Release air locked on mech room and check for heat
Checked heating system, working normally! Her thermostat was set too low
 Released air locks in mechanical room and checked for heat in both units.
 Airlocked.
 Air locked
 Loosen sticky motor on zone and tested.
 Went to unit to check on heat, glycol was not flowing so got the zone valve going. Glycol started flowing & the unit was now being heated. Neal checked unit, now working
 Checked and loosen sticky zone valve and checked for heat.
 Bled all vents in mechanical room and checked for heat.

 Loosen stuck motor on zone and tested.
Checked both boilers, Pressure & temperature of boilers are normal, Heat going through unit. Mustbe temperature outside
 Checked boilers and tested all zones, everything working normally, advised tenant of temperature outside.(-35)
 Checked heating, loosen sticky motor on zone and tested.
 Air locked
 Shut zone valve off for upstairs, will need to change zone valve.
Completed
Check mech. room, everything looks to be working good. Got tenant to put thermostat up & down to test zone valve & was working good. Checked units heating rads & lots of heat coming out
Completed
 Loosen sticky motor on zone valve and tested thermostat.
 Checked boiler and water pump, all working normally.
 Unit had heat down stairs, but too hot upstairs. Will need to change zone valve for upstairs
 See W/O # 2137  Units E, F & G share a Mech. Room!
 Checked heating system, prossurize boiler was to 20psi and tested. (this w/o was handed to me, Randy was on call)

 See W/O # 2137  Units E, F & G Share a Mech. Room!

 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Checked boiler, isolate air lock and checked for heat, temperature and pressure normal.

 Checked unit, Also checked fuel tanks outside. No leaks or smell!  Smell may have been from sewage when they get pumped out (Frozen vent on roof)
 Discovered frozen drip leg, we removed the drip leg and fittings and properly installed new valve on the horizontal.

 Picked up Larry, put glycol, bled rads for unit.
Air locked.



 Replaced faulty zone valve in unit.
 Checked heating, pressurized boiler to 15psi and checked for heat.


 emailed
  emailed
 emailed


 emailed
 emailed


Breaker was shut off.
 (kids shut off main valves outside) Opened valves and bled fuel pump.
 Removed drip lef from the fuel tank and drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Checked and replaced nozzle and faulty fuel pump and tested.
 Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel supply tank.  Re-installed the drip leg back onto the fuel supply tank
 Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel supply tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel supply tank
 Removed and drained the drip leg on the fuel supply tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the tank
 Removed and drain the drip leg on the fuel tank  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Removed and drain the drip leg from the fuel tank  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel tank


 Removed the drip legs on the fuel tanks -Drained the drip legs on three fuel tanks  Re-installed the drip legs on the fuel tank
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel storage tank and drained the drip leg.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel storage
Low on glycol, glycol make up pump does not work and need 2 new high limit switches, ones that are manual reset, one boiler was out on high limit.
 Removed and drained drip leg on fuel storage tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank

 Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel supply tank. Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Checked  mechanical room andd boilers were low on glycol, picked up glycol fro shop and added to boilers, isolated unit 4D as they called for no heat and opened zone valve manually, heat waited pushing through.
 Checked mechanical room, shut off re-circulator pump for glycol make up tank, not in use.
 Removed drip leg from oil tank and drained the same. Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drained it.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Removed the drip leg and drained the drip leg from the fuel tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel supply tank
 Removed and drained the drip leg on 2 supply fuel tanks.  Re-installed the drip leg on these tanks.  Re-placed both gauges as they were both faulty and allowing moisture from snow and water into tanks
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel supply tank and drained the drip leg.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank

 Removed and drained the drip leg on this fuel storage tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the tank
 Checked operation of boiler, this boilet is slated to be changed in the spring, replaced nozzle and set up burner, replace oil filter cartridge.
 Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel supply tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel supply tank
Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on to the fuel tank
  Removed the drip leg from the fuel supply tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled the drip leg back on the fuel tank.
  Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank, drained the drip leg of ice and water and reinstalled the drip leg back on the fuel tank.
  Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled the drip leg back on the fuel tank.
 Removed the drip legs on the fuel storage tank  -Drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel supply tank and drained the drip leg.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
This work order was in conjunction with another work order sent to inukshuk.
 Replaced fuel pump drive coupling and fan control.
 Replaced fan control and removed humidistat that was in furnace control.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drained the same  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Furnace fan wasn't working, pressed fan limit control and fan went on, also changed furnace filter.
 Removed and drained drip leg from the oil tank  Re-installed the drip leg on the oil tank
 Reset boiler.
 One heater was not warm enough overnight, brought, brought 1 more and connected to dryer plug.
 Checked boiler temperature and pressure, both wee good, went into unit and heating lines were hot, the floor was very cold, brought a heater to unit.
 Removed the drip leg and drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
emailed
 More fumes from door being opened, smell coming from outside.
 Went to mechanical room and checked for leaks, checked boiler, checked all around fuel tank, no smell of fuel.
 Turned down thermostat next door to satisfy tenant, nothing was wrong.
 Checked heating system, all normal.
 Boiler was low on glycol. Added glycol to boiler
 Checked out boiler room, all was good. Did not have to do anything as all lines were hot
  Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled it on the fuel tank.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drained the drip leg.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Removed and drained the drip leg from the fuel tank  Re-installed the drip leg
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drained the drip leg  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Replaced faulty zone valve and thermostat and tested.
 Trace Power from Transformers to Thernostat, found normally open zone valve freezed. Replaced Zone Valve for Temporary Heat


 Cirulator pump stuck, glycol needs to be changed causing the circulator to stick.
 Went to mech. room, both circulator pumps were not working. Opened both manually and they started turning, waited for boilers to reach set point and shut off
 Glycol was not flowing so adjusted power heads and it started flowing again
 Checked and filled up glycol makeup tank, pressurized boilrs to 15psi and tested.
Air lock
 Released all air from vents in mechical room.
 Circulator pump stuck, ffreed it up temporary fix, it needs to be changed and gycol changed. Changed circulator pump cbha has no glcol will do later, when troy get some, checked system.
 Replaced motor on boiler 2 but still inoperable, replaced burners on both boilers and tested.

 Turned down heat for hallways.  Fire alarm sent to Inukshuk.
 Checked unit, zone valve for livingroom wasn't flowing, spun zone valve and heat started pushing through.
 Airlocked.
 Checked fuel tank, tank was full of fuel, checked boiler temperature and pressure, turned up high limit on controls, went into two units to check for heat, turned up thermostat in hallway.
 Removed gun assembly on burner, nozzle was plugged, replaced nozzle and tested with thermostat, checked air filter, air filter was ok, went on top of roof to clear ice off chimney.


 Replaced zone valve.
had to replace zone valve and hook up glycol pump to push glycol thru system was severely air locked, had to get heat on har coil working.

 Turned out old aquastat was not working properly, checked all zones, replaced tsat and turned on coil to hrv unit.
 Heating was air locked.
 Checked both boilers, pressure and temperature were good, went into unit and tenant say heat is good.
 Checked heating, increased boiler temperature to 140* and checked for heat.
 Replaced faulty zone valve.
 Opened zone valve manually, zone valve was stuck.
 Zone valve was stuck, shut motor, was getting weak in valve, had to replace also checked boilers and circulator pump plus glycol level, boiler
 Completed
 Replaced livingroom area zone valve.
 Replaced 24V transformer in crawl space.

 emailed

 emailed

 Removed and drained the drip leg on the fuel tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the tank
 Removed and drain the drip leg on the fuel supply tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the tank
Apr.29-I went to the mechanical room to investigate the alarm.  After looking the system over i believe it was the alarm for the tank alert.  A tenant told me that it goes off when the water tank is full.
 Checked unit to see if rads were hot and there was no heat pushing through.  No issues with heating.
  Removed the drip leg from the fuel supply tank, drained the drip leg and reinstalled the drip leg back on the fuel supply tank.

 Removed the drip leg from fuel supply tank and drained the drip leg.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Replaced faulty zone valve and tested.
 Replaced faulty thermostat and tested.
 emailed
 Got a call for no heat so went to unit with Dean, he mentioned that the new zone valve was faulty. Also the thermostat burnt out.
 Checked heating, released air locks in attic and checked for heat.
 Checked and replaced stuck zone valve in attic and tested.

 Checked with tenant about smell and she said everything was good.
 Pressured up both boilers to 15psi and checked for heat later.
 Boilers were low on pressure, added glycol to boilers.

 Checked out unit, heat would not turn off, had to change zone valve.

 Checked zone valve, valve was not working when turn thermostat up and down, got new zone valve and installed.
 Replaced dirty zone valve and got Inukshop to check main breaker.
 emailed.
 Turned down temperature on boiler for building, set too high.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel storage tank and drained the leg.  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel tank
 Replaced two circulator pumps in mechanical room, replaced motor on brner for boiler #1
 Boiler was low on glycol, added glycol to system, checked unit after and heat was pushing through.
 03/01-Checked boilers, tried to pressurize boilers but pressur wouldn't hold, delivered portable heater to each unit fot the night, 03/02 checked under building to possibly find glycol leak and found ice build up unde unit D, closed zone valve for sewage heat and repressured boiler to 15psi and checked for heat,
 Checked heating, released air lock and checked for heat.
 Released air lock from boiler.

 Checked heating, repaired by-pass line in attic, tested zone valve and thermostat (not working) manually opened zone valve to get heati going for now.
 Removed the drip leg from the fuel tank and drained the drip leg    Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Replaced faulty complete oil filter on furnace, replaced 2 leaky valves (3/8) and installed 2 female firematic valves. Sprinkled tide all around area to absorb oil and neutratize the oil.
 Removed and drain the drip leg from the fuel storage tank.  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel tank
 Add glycol to boiler.

 Boilers out on low water cut off, had to add water to system on Friday evening to get pressure back up and had to bypass lwco on boiler #1, both boilers are connected. one will not run if the other is not connected, returned on site to replace both water logge dexoansion tans, returned Monday to change lwco o boiler #1 and probe, also had to replace relief valve which was dripping, added glycol from make up tank which also doesn't work.
 Removed and drained the drip leg on the fuel tank.  Re-installed the drip leg back on the tank.  -Installed a new tank gauge as the old one was faulty
 Removed and drain the drip leg from the fuel tank  Re-installed the drip leg
.
 Removed and drain the drip leg from the fuel tank.  Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
 Checked unit, loosed sticky 4 way valve in mech. room & tested
 Removed drip legs on 2 fuel storage tanks, drained ice from drip legs, Re-installed drip legs on both tanks.  Notice tanks had each a broken fuel gauge, replaced 2 tank gauges
 Checked mechanical room and manually tested both boilers, everything normal and no loud noise.
 Checked and replaced faulty fuel pump and restarted boiler and tested.
 Cleaned filters on HRV and took off window latch to order.
Shut off circulator pump 1 and restarted #2 and checked for heater later.
 Check and close by-pass valve in attic and opened main valve from mechanical room.

 Checked boiler, switched circulator pump #1 off and switched pump #2 on and tested.

 Switched circulator pump from 1to 2.
 Switched circulator pump from #1 to #2 and checked for heat.
 Checked mechanical room, circulator pump 1 wasn't working, switched to pump 2 and started cycling through, checked with tenant and said heat was good.
 Needed to switch the circulator pumps to start flowing.

 Check and switched circulator pumps and tested.
 Check & shut off both CIRC pumps in mechanical room to cool off motors, restart pump #1 & check for heat.
 Heating was air locked.
 Switched circulator pumps in mechanical room and checked for heat 1 hour later.

 Turn off circ pump #1 & turn on circ pump #2 and all good
 Loosen circulator pump motor and heat came on.
 Replaced complete circulator.
 Replaced circulator in mechanical room,
 Switched circulator pumps.
 Removed the drip leg and drain the drip leg from the fuel storage tank Re-installed the drip leg on the fuel tank
Circulator pump get hot and sticky, investigated problem, glycol is 84%, too strong, removed some glycol and reduced mixture to -53F, also glycol strainer.
 Checked zone valve in crawlspace and wasn't opened, opened manually and heat pushed through.
 Replaced zone valve purchase from Jago, did not have any keys to test with thermostat.
 emailed
 Loosen sticky motor on zone and tested.
 Replaced 24volt transformer for zone valves on heating system.
Completed

 Check & replaced dead batteries in thermostat
 Purchased triple A batteries from Kitikmeot Supplies and repalced on thermostat.
 Replaced batteries on thermostat, replaced toilet seat.
 Went into crawlspace for unit, and both supply and return lines were hot, opened manually to get flowing.
 sent to Inukshuk
Crawlspace heat is running wild, no tstat, had to throttle back that zone to get heat to unit H, on second floor, also checked both tm and found bypass to be opened all the way, had to throttle this back as well, returned on Jan 22 to check on heating to unit H, which was still working, returned to install tstat in crawlspace and tested.
 Had to get it flowing again.
 Replaced batteries on thermostat.
Air lock.
 emailed





 Checked and closed by-pass valve in attic and checked for heat.
 Checked boilers, pressurized to 20psi and tested.
 Went into mechanical room, boilers were low on glycol, added glycol to boiler and checked for heat in unit.


 Checked boiler room and both boilers were working good, went to unit and tested thermostat and zone valves, turned thermostat up and heat went on.
Checked boilers, Normal pressure & Temp. went to attic in this unit and found by-pass valve open. Closed valve and heat came on

 Checked zone valve in unit and was working good.  Checked crawl space and turned down thermostat.
 Checked attic above bathroom, found leak but no way to shut off valve without shutting off heat to unit A, pressure on boilers are still at around 5psi so heat was still going through, leak needs to be repaired next working day.
 Completed
 Checked unit, checked boilers, pressurized boilers to 20psi and checked for heat.



 emailed
 Circulatory Pump Seized. Unable to locate new pump, switched over to secondary pump.
 Circ pump over heated. Turned off valves & turned power off. Opened up other circ pump valves & turned power on. Heat started circulating
 Replaced circulator pump for building heat.
 Removed the drip leg and drained the same on the fuel tank,  -Replaced a broken fill cap as well as the vent cap.  Re-installed the drip leg back on the fuel supply tank
 Boilers stop working due to ice falling from roof and breaking 1/2 steel suppliy pipe to boiler, 1/2'' steel was replaced and boilers restarted.





 emailed
 Checked boilers, reset boiler #2 and checked for heat 1 hour later.
 emailed
Completed
 Reset button on boiler.
 Arrived to mechanical room to find both boilers below 5psi on gauges, checked mechanical room for any visable signs of leaks, none seen in mechanical room, added 4 gallons to pressure to 20psi.
 Checked boiler room and both boilers were off, checked fuel, had to call Jago and ask them what to do, told me to reset the draft control on chemney stack, reset both controls and boilers went on.
Arrived on site to find both boilers off on reset, oil tanks were empty
 Manually opened zone valve & heat started circulating. Tested with thermostat
 Thermostat was set too low, tested.
 Throttle valve needed to be adjusted.
 Went to mechanical room, both boilers had high pressure, unit started when we walked in.
 Building ran out of fuel, called for fuel truck, bled both nurners and checked for heat.
 I went to unit and before I got back into her unit to check if heas was working she had left.
Air lock.
 Completed
 Checked boilers, no more fuel, called Sandi for fuel delivery. (left message on voicemail.)
 Primed both boilers and restarted.
 Reset block vent fitting on the flue pipe.
 Cleaned and repaired portable pump, energized and tested.
 Serviced furnace, changed oil filter, air filter, cleaned furnace, mounted fan motor down, effiency 83%
 took old blower motor off, put new blower motor on
 Furnace could not go on, replaced nozzle, still not working, removed fuel pump and stem came off, replaced fuel pump and tightened burner and motor, replaced air filter.
 Serviced and cleaned boiler, changed oil filter, nozzle.

 Serviced and cleaned boiler, changed nozzle and oil filter.

 Serviced boiler, changed nozzle, oil filter, effiency 84%

 Reset blocked vent switch.
 Checked furnace, reset the control in the flue pipe and tested.
 Serviced, changed nozzle and oil filter.
 No power to burner. Opened hatch, checked circuit board.Wires were loose, tightened wires and burner weren't on. Tested with thermostat
Checked all the fittings.  Found a loose fitting to hot water maker.  Tightened all fittings, put some nuetroda down to minimize smell of fuel.  Checked all fittings again, no leaks.
 Serviced and cleaned, changed nozzle and air filter.
 Fuel pump leaking at pressure set screw. Replaced fuel pump and used odorgon on contaminated area where fuel leaked.
 Topped up glycol and got heat going again, had to fiddle around with parts to get flowing.
Checked fuel tank, tank full.  Burner was not on reset.   Tested thermostat but furnace not going on.  Pressed reset button but no power.  Replaced primary control and furnace went on.
 I went to the unit and noticed there was power going to the burner so I needed to call Reggie, after he arrived we figured out the fan was seized up, we tried to find a replacement fan but we couldn't, so we called Larry and he came in, we changed the motor and was able to place the old fan, we energized and tested it worked properly.
 Serviced boiler, changed nozzle, filter. cleaned boiler and pipe. effiency 70 1/4%, glycol -25
 Completed
 Set wire back in place.
Checked boiler, checked thermostat, checked zone valves, all good.  Glycol was at 5 PSI, topped up 2.5 gal
 Checked zone valve, put merret in wire.
 Serviced and cleaned, changed nozzle and filter.
 Done
 checked nozzle, took air out of system, started up, all good.
 Replaced 1 plugged air filter and checked for heat.
 Checked the furnace, installed new air filter and tap open. (vacuumed)
 emailed
 Checked furnace, fan motor overheating dur to plugged filter, replaced air filter and waited for motor to cool down and  restarted.
 Replaced seized direct drive blower motor.
Fan blower motor seized, could not find replacement part. Delivered unit haters for the night
 Serviced boilers, cleaned pipe and furnace, changed nozzle and changed filter, boiler effiency #1 85%, boiler #2 85 3/4%
 Serviced boilers, changed nozzles, filter and air filter. effiency 83 1/2%
 George cleaned the nozzle and serviced  the furnace but it didn't want to start, he called me, Vince and asked me to tak a look, after tracing the circuit I realized the thermostat was faulty, oned replaced, the system worked properly.
 Checked furnace and water heater, opened main valve outside, bled both pumps and restarted furnace and oil fired water heater and tested.
Tighted fittings for fuel lines
 Changed air filter.
 Cleaned furnace and piping.

 Had to bleed fuel pump.
 Serviced furnace, changed nozzle, changed air filter and oil filter.
 Tightened fuel filter and used odorgon, checked for leak.
 Serviced furnace, changed nozzle, oil filters and air filters.
 I reset the furnace but it didn't want to start, I bled the line and it fired up.
 I could smell fuel so I contacted AJ to find out if he serviced it, he informed that he had earlier in the day, after inspecting the area I could not find any leaks.
 Black iron pipes were sweating so tightened all fittings and covered with odorgon.

 Checked all around furnace and water heater, found no leaks and did not smell fuel or fumes.
 I bled the fuel line and got the furnace going.
 Replaced broken thermostat.
 I checked the furnace and there was a small drip from the bleeder and a drip of water from the smoke stack, I cleaned the spill and spread odorgon on the area, tightened the bleeder and burned on the furnace.
Cleaned furnace, vacuum flute.  Changed 20x20 air filter.
 Checked and replaced thermostat and testedm also installed thermostat guard to revent Patrick form adjusting thermostat, ( this person has dementis and shuts off the thermostat.
 Bled air from hwm and furnace waited until burners went on.
 Tested thermostat, works ok, it was set at 25

 Access panels were open for air filters, closed panels, checked nozzle, nozzle was plugged, replaced nozzle and tested.
 Checked furnace, ran it for five minutes to see if any fumes, furnace was running good and working to smell.
 Replaced the nozzle, cleaned and reset the electrodes, istalled smoke detector
 Serviced furnace, changed nozzle, air filter and oil filters.
 Checked furnace, replaced nozzle, faulty ignition t  ransformer and fuel pump and tested.
 Replaced burner coupling.
 Serviced furnace and hot water boiler, cleaned pipe and furnace, changed nozzles and filter. effiency furnace 83%, hot water 84%
 Serviced and cleaned furnace/water heater, put in 2 nozzles, oil filter, air filter
 Serviced furnace, changed oil filter, air filter and cleaned furnace.
Furnace was on but no heat coming out floor registers.  Replaced air filter and air started circulating.

 Serviced furnace, changed oil filter, air filter and cleaned furnace.

 Tenant called at 7am, said she can wait till 8:30 to avoid call out fee, went there and pressure the reset button, furnace running good again.
 Replaced nozzle and cleaned and  reset the electrode.
 tighten fan belt

 changed fan motor
 Bled air from burner.
 I bled the fuel line and got the furnace going.
  Serviced furnace, changed nozzle, air filter and oil filter.
 I went to the unit and the heat wasn't on but there was power, I bled the fuel line and the furnace started.
 Serviced furnace, changed nozzle and air filter.
Replaced ignition control, coupling and fuel pump and tested with thermostat.
 Replaced nozzle and fuel pump and tested.
 Replaced beckette primer control and tested.
 Went to check on the  unit, no heat call, had to turn on breaker which was turned off.
 Serviced furnace, changed nozzles, air filters and oil filters.
 No heat in unit

 Serviced boiler, changed nozzle and oil filter.
 Replaced zone valve.
 Replaced leaky oil filter, added firomatic valve where there was none, added 3/8 ball valve, 2-3/8 close black iron fittings.

 Serviced boiler, changed nozzle and oil filter, boiler effiency 84 3/4%
 Checked heating, released air lock in mechanical room, pressurized boiler to 20psi and checked for heat.
 Replaced thermostat, went into boiler room to check zone and boiler came on with a lot of smoke, I replaced  the nozzle.
 Checked boilers, zone valve, all good.
 I tested the thermostat and zone valve but nothing happed, I traced the wiring and noticed the wiring wasn't right, I rewired and tested, the system is working properly.
 Bled off of the system, all ok.
 Serviced boilers, changed nozzle, filter and air filter, cleaned furnace, effiency 85%
 Wiped up wet water on floor. Put some neutrda down
 Replaced nozzle, Cleaned & reset electrodes
 Reset boiler
 Changed fuel pump on burner.
 Checked furnace, reset control box , adjusted  fan/limit and tested, Air fliter still clean.
 Pressed re-set on the furnace & the furnace started. I then took apart burner & dicovered dirty nozzle, I replaced the nozzel
Neal  requested hel fixing broken boiler, replaced motor the old one was seized, when we removed the fuel pump to change the motor we found the seal was leaking oil, so we also replaced the fuel pump.
 Vacuumed and checked 1 oil fired water heater, plugged with soot,    replaced nozzle, also replaced chimney lower cap.
 HWM plugged with soot, turned off hwm and told tenant will fully service and clean hwm next day, replaced furnace filter.
 Serviced boiler, changed oil filter, air filter and nozzle. cleaned furnace, effiency 83%
 Serviced boiler, changed nozzle, filter and oil filter, effiency 83%
 Replaced F3 motor, old one had bad noisy bearings.
Reset valve.
 When I started the boiler the glycol that had leaked from the boilermate was burning off a steam, I let the boiler reach temp before leaving.
  Serviced boiler, changed air filter.
 Checked and pressurize boiler to 20 psi & checked for heat

 N/C zone valve not closing, HWM over heating. Ran hot water in bathtub to release hot water in HWM. Replaced zone valve.
 Power switch to hwm was off, turned power ob and checked hwm.
 We bled the fuel line for both the furnace and hot water maker.
 Tested thermostat, old style w/mercury, replaced thermostat, still no power to furnace, checked breaker panel, all switches on left side  panel were turned off, turned on all breakers and furnace went on.
 Added 10 litres of glycol to boiler in E unit. Then we bled off air in 2 G. All okay  We cut the plywood over the top of the door and made an excess panel to get at bleeder easer
Air locked.
 Checked boiler in unit E and boiler was low on glycol, added glycol to system and checked unit G, heat was pushing through.

 Checked rads all were hot but tenant had so much stuff packed over te front of the rads. They were in effective. Told tenant to move stuff from rads
 Replaced faulty zone valve.  Valves to shut off zone were stuck and couldn't close.  Taking longer than usual
Reset boiler.
Connected thermostat back to system.  Tenant was able to turn heat up/down again.
 Checked the furnace and just pushed reset button on furnace and went back on.


 Installled new radiator cabinet int the upstair bedroom, old ones were missing pieces and in bad shape.
Valve was closed on fuel tank, opened valve and bled air out of burner.
 Replaced leaking expansion tank, glycol leak.
 Added glycol.
 We pumped more glycol and fine tune the settings, the heat is working properly.
 Zone valve not opening/closing with thermostat. Replaced zone valve and tested with thermostat
Checked unit, checked boiler in unit B, pressurize boiler to 20 PSI but still no heat, replaced faulty circ pump and check for heat again, all good.
 Tenant at 1B had  the boiler off at the switch, turned switch back on.
 Checked heating, checked with tenant about heat, he did not call.
 Added glycol.
 Spring on zone valve cale off, replaced zone valve.
 Replaced zone valve and added more glycol.
Completed
 I went to mechical room and everything was working properly, I spoke to the tenant and she informed me that the heat just come back on.
Reset valve.
 Replaced the zone valve.
 Bled air from burner, boiler went on, checked unit for heat.
 Pumped glycol into system and bled the air from the boiler.
.I was asked to help on a after hours call, we replaced a triple aqua stat, went to the shop for parts. Once part was replaced tested and system work properly.
  Serviced boiler, cleaned furnace, changed nozzle, filter, effiency 84%
 Bled air from vents, valve was closed for expansion tank, opened valve and checked for heat.
 We went to the unit and replaced the low water cut off, re-energized and tested.
 Upstairs bedroom, downstairs at the entrance way, as welll as top of the stairs needs new rad casing, about 30-35ft, 6 right and 6 left and on inside 90*.
Complete
 Boiler was low on glycol, picked up and pumped up to 20psi.
 Checked boiler, reset lwlo and waited for heat to come through.
 Checked boiler, adjusted hi limit to 200* (as it should be) and checked for heat.
 Replaced a faulty zone.
 Serviced, changed oil filter and nozzle
 Tightened fittings on the fuel pump.


 After Randy, George and Reggie trying to solve the issue I was asked to come in, after tracing the wire I noticed that no power was leaving the hydrostat, I replaced it, reemergized the circuit and tested the system.
 Checked boiler room, triple aquastat was tripped, pushed reset button and boiler went on.

 Replaced noisy burner on a F-5 oil burner, bearings were squealing, also fixe the outside door, frame was loose and coming apart from the house, also adjusted both doorknob and deadbolt as they would line up with frame holes and properly work.
 boiler temp and pressure was good. bled air from all air vents and heat started circulating. adjusted hi/low temperature on controls. draft coming from the back door, used pink insulation to cover
 Serviced boiler, changed nozzle and air filter.
 Checked heating, released air locks in mechanical room and checked for heat.
 Changed zone valve. No 1080 zone valve
 Rewired zone valve, was wired wrong.  Tested thermostat, all good.
 Checked zone valve wiring.  Rewired it.  Tested thermostat.  Worked fine.  Zone valve reacted to thermostat.
 Checked heating system in mechanical room.  Loosened stuck motor on zone and checked for heat.  Tested zone valve, not opening all the way.  Replaced zone valve and tested.
 Replaced all radiation in this unit as the jins were badly crushed and all the casings were either missing or badly damaged.
 Went to unit mechinal room to reset #2 furnace, tenant said heat was good.
The wires were off & stuck open

 Pressure was low on heater. Added glycol to boiler & checked for heat
Tested solenoil valves, hot water side seized.  Replaced solenoid valve and checked for running hot water.
 Just pushed reset button.
 Checked and bled all air vents in mechanical room and checked for heat.
 Replaced zone valve, old one not working.
Heat was fine, excersized thermostat & zone valve
 Manually opened zone valve and checked for heat.
 Zone valve not opening.locking, replaced zone valve.
 Check unit for heat. Has lots of heat

 Zone valve was stuck open causing only hot glycol pushing through, shut valves off to unit.
 Replace motor in zone valve.
 Topped off glycol in boilers.
 Replaced old thermostat and zone valve.
 The boiler was low on glycol and the zone valve was siezed. Once replaced and topped off the system worked properly.
 I released the air in the system and the heat began to flow through the zone
 Went into boiler room and bled air off of the air from the unit.
 Nov17- manually opened zone valve, checked for heat, Nov18-replaced sticky zone valve.
 We replaced the zone valve that was seized.
 Went to unit to check heat, glycol was low so topped it up, also had no power dur to breakers being turned off.
 Checked unit, lots of heat.
 Removed filter and brought back filter to the shop, cleaned them, washem with a bucket of water and Mr.Clean, cleaned the inside of the HRV, reinstalled filters.
 Added 10 litres of glycol to system.
 Replaced faulty thermostat and zone.
 Checked  boilers both re-circ. pumps burnt out. Replace pump & tested for heat in a 3 units

 Replaced circulator.
 We went to the unit and checked the boiler, no power was going past the dual aquastat, we went to the shop to grab the parts, returned and installed.
 Checked boiler and all controls ann aquastat control wasn't working, installed a new aquastat controller and boiler started, tested control to see if boiler shut off and back on, no issues after.
 I recieved a call for no heat, I called Reggie for assistance, we noticed a zone valve was seized and that no power was goig past the aquastat, after picking up the material from the shop we returned to the unit and replaced old parts, tested system.
 Checked boiler, bled fuel line and filter, restarted boiler and tested.
 Larry and David opened  the zone valve to give heat to the unit for the night, I replaced t he zone valve and tested the system, everything is working properly.
 Checked boiler controls, supply line was hot but no return, tested circulator pump, not working, replaced circulator pump and checked heat, added glycol to boiler.
 I checked the boiler and the pressure was low, I topped it off to 20lbs, it still didn't start, I then tried to bleed the line but nothing was really coming out, after talking to Larry he suggest to drain t he drip leg, the drip leg was good, Larry arrived shortly after and was able to start the boiler by afjusting the filter.
 Checked boiler, replaced faulty circulator pump and tested for heat.
 Boiler was low on glycol, added glycol to boiler and bled air from fuel pump.
 Checked heating system, tested thermostat, working normally.
 Tested thermostat and zone valve, it turned out they were not compatible to work properly, I changed the thermostat to make the system work properly.
 reset boiler
 checked boiler & zone valves upstairs zone was sticky. forced glycole upstairs for a min or two
 No heat in the living room, so i manually spun the zone valve to give heat. I then went to 19B Okpik to address their no heat. I grabbed a salvage zone valve motor from the shop & replaced it, everything was working properly
REplaced motor on zone valve, system was working properly.
Checked heating, no heat going through lines, shut hrv line off as was getting hot in crawlspace.
 Replaced air eliminator on boiler.
 Checked zone in crawlspace, zone was ok, boiler pressure was showing 10 pounds but system was air locked, I added 10 litres of glycol to the system.
 Added glycol.

 emailed
 Replaced nozzle and cleaned dust from eletrodes.

Complete.  Notified by email.
 emailed

 emailed
 emailed

 Enokhok completed this job
 emailed
 emailed
 Replaced broken door only 1-36 inch Door only

 sent to Enokhok
 emailed
 Replaced nozzle.
.Serviced boilers, changed nozzle and filter.
 Replaced nozzle.
Checked furnace, replaced plugged nozzle, adjusted electrodes, restart furnace and tested.
 Serviced boiler, cleaned furnace, changed water pressure relief valve.
 Serviced and cleaned boiler, changed nozzle and oil filter.
 Serviced and cleaned boiler, changed nozzle and oil filter.
 Cleaned boiler, replaced nozzle and oil filter cartridge, unit is operating at 83 1/2% effiency.
 Checked boiler, replaced nozzle and oil filter, unit is operating at 81.5% effiency.
 Serviced boilers, cleaned pipe and furnace, changed nozzle and changed oil filter, effiency 84 1/2%
 Replaced 3 zone valves for mechanical room.
  Checked boiler, replaced nozzle and oil filter, unit is operating at 83.5% effiency.
 Serviced boiler, cleaned, changed oil filter and nozzle.
Replaced a tray under the burner, turned relief valve to the vertical, added a 90x36 copper elbowm placed a container under pvr.
  Replaced pressure relief valve, installed it on the vertical, addad a 18x24 tray under the burner, placed a container under the PVR
 Had to make cord for HRV which was not plugged in. HRV was working good when we hooked it up
  Serviced boilers, changed nozzle and changed oil filter, boiler #1 effiency 83 1/2%, boiler #2 effiency 83%
 Replaced the pressure relief valve on the vertical position, placed a container under the pvr and added glycol to the system.
 Installed a pressure relief valve on the vertical, placed a container under the pvr and added 5gal of glycol to the system,
 Removed old hrv from unit, we need to order controls for these hrv so we have more.
 June8- I installed the new wall control but it wasn't compatable, June22 I installed the proper wall control, tested.
Drain Boilers and all pure glycol
  Serviced boilers, cleaned pipes, changed nozzle and changed oil filter, boiler #1 effiency 86 1/4%, boiler #2 86 1.2%
 Replaced pressure relief valve, added a tray under the burner, as well as a container under pvr, cleaned debris from boiler.
 Replaced hrv.
 Serviced boilers, glycol -34, boiler effiency boiler #184%, boiler #2 84 1/2%
 replaced pressure relief valve
 Brought boilers up to code by replacing relief valves and installing them on the vertical instead of horizontal on both boilers, placed a container under oth pressure relief valves and added glycol to the system.
 Replaced pvr, placed tray under burner.
 Serviced boiler, changed oil filters, change nozzles.
 I checked fuel tank, it was filled, I then checked the mechanical room and the glycol pressure was on low, I grabbed the pump and glycol from the shop, after topping it off it began to work and the heat returned to t he units, I went back to the shop to return the pump and glycol and filled the glycol jerry can.
Serviced boilers, changed nozzle and changed lilters, boiler effiency 83 1/2%, glycol -35
 Motor changed on boiler.
 Replaced nozzle and 1 reillo fuel pump.
  Replaced pressure relief valve, installed it on the vertical, added 5 litres of glycol, placed a container under PVR.
 Replaced pressure relief valve, installed it on the vertical, replaced a nozzle (unit was off), added glycol, replaced auto on vent and installed a pot cock valve.
 Serviced boilers, boiler#1 effiency 83.5%, boiler#2 83.5%.
 Serviced boilers, changed nozzles, changed oil filters. effiency 85%
 Cleaned boiler #1 84 1/2 %, changed oil filer  and nozzle.


 Serviced boilers, #1 85 3/4% effiency, #2 84% effiency, glycol -70
 Replaced burnt out circulator pump #1 and tested.
Serviced boilers, changed nozzle, changed oil filter. boiler effieceny 85%
 Serviced and cleaned boilers, changed oil filter and nozzle.
 Replaced PVR, installed kit on the vertical, placed tray under the berm

 Serviced and cleaned boilers, boiler #1, oil filter, 2 nozzles


 Serviced boiler, cleaned pipe, changed nozzle, efficiecny #2 85 3/4%
Topped off glycol in boiler room. Glycol was at 0PSI, topped off at 20PSI. Added 10L of glycol
Serviced boilers, cleaned pipe and furnace, changed nozzle, changed filter. effiency 84%, glycol is good.
 Changed oiler on furnace, changed blast tube and control box.
 Checked furnace, adjusted fan limit and furnace came on, waited for full cycle.
 Put 2 self tapping screws on fan motor down to furnace.
 Adjusted the fan control to allow fan ( blower fan to come on before burner shuts down.
We replaced the fan limit insertion and the fine tune it for the furnace.
 Baby turned switch on and activated blower fan over-ride, turned switch off of manual and back on manual

 Used 1ft used rad casement and added ends after installing rad casement.
 Changed gasket on oil filter.
 Galvenized pipes fell off, reinstalled and put new heating tape.
 Replaced auto air vent.
 Shut off circulator pumps to crawlspace sd they were too hot.
 I checked both thermostats and circulating pumps and everything was working properly.
 Bled air from boiler this morning, unit was air locked, all good now.
 Boiler was low on pressure, added glycol to boiler, checked both A&B supply and return lines were very hot, tried to go into unit a to check but tenant would not answer door.
 Checked boiler temp and pressure, boiler was fine. circ pump not working . went into the unit and checked thermostat, was on 15*, turned up temp and checked for Heat
 Valves were shut off for the summer, opened valves and checked for heat.
 Traced wiring back from thermostat, traced the heating lines to make sure they match up.
 Replaced fuel pump on boiler, added glycol.
 We checked the mechanical room and the boiler was low on glycol, back to shop for pump and glycol, we topped off the glycol and the gauge was damaged, back to the shop for new gauge, we replaced the gauge and pumped more glycol but the pressure wasn't right, we discovered the expansion tank was damaged and replaced, the boiler was working properly and the unit had heat.
 I traced the wires from the panel to the switch, then to the thermostates to the circulating pumps, I then tested each system to make sure they were activating the proper pumps.

 Vacuumed and checked boiler #1, replaced nozzle and oil filter, this unit is operating at 83% effiency, glycol is good.
 Serviced boilers, changed oil filters, changed nozzles.
 cbha will supply material. emailed
Forwarded to Inukshuk
 Jago came and picked up a F3 motor and fuel pump.
 Turned down thermostat for crawlspace in mechanical room.
 Opened valve to crawl space in mechanical room and checked for heat.


 Checked and replaced faulty zone valve in crawl space and tested thermostat.
 Turned on valves in crawlspace to have heat in crawlspace as well as preheated to hrv.


 Burner was not working, replaced burner coupling


 Checked zone valve, moved it manually, heat started going.
 Checked and loosen sticky zone valve in bedroom and checked for heat.
 checked bedroom and living room zone valves, workd good
 Zone valve in livingroom not working, replaced zone valve, zone valve in bedroom not working, replaced zone valve, wrong thermostat in bedroom, installed proper thermostat, added glycol to boiler.
 We replaced all the zone valves in the unit and tested.
 Checked the thermostats and heat in unit in order to get the heat going again. Checked the Thermostat and Zone valves, determined zone valve in the bedroom was not working. Installed New Zone Valves, feed another zone valve on other bedroom.


 Had to spin zone valves to get fluid moving, had air lock
 Nozzle was plugged, no power to burner. Replace primary control, still no power. Replaced timer control board, still no power.Got wire to bypass thermostat & burner went on.Connected thermostat to TT and tested with thermostat. Told doctor will get electrician to go over wiring the next day
 We changed the timer board by passed the snap disk and rewired the system, reenergized and tested.
Completed
 Installed a new thermostat and ran a wire to an existing zone valve, tested and verified the thermostats activated the right zone
 I arrived to the unit and realized the motor for the zone valve was stuck, I had a replacement motor in the truck that was salvaged from a previous job, once replaced the sysytem worked properly.

 Boiler was low on glycol.  Added gluycol to boiler and checked unit E for heat.
Placed container uder the outlet pipe of the pvr, updated log sheet.
 Replace 90 degree elbow on suite heating zone and replace check valve on domestic water pump suction.
 Checked out unit for leak, slowly leaking, reported to Larry, said can be soldered on next working day.
 Shut zone off for porch.
 The tenant informed me that while he was cleaning out the storage room he noticed a loose control wire and he connedted again, the issue was resolved by the  time I had arrived.
 Replaced zone valve for upstairs heating system
Checked heating lines and zone valves, heat was good.  Checked patio door, draft coming in through door.  Replaced weatherstripping, still little draft by bottom corner of door.  Replaced doorsweep.
 Replaced 2 pressure relief valves and updated log book.
 Changed zone valve.
 3 zone were picked up by Jago for GN unit.
 Checked boilers at 4psi, pressurized boilers to 20 psi and checked for heat.
Zone valve not opening/closing with thermostat.  Replaced zone valve and tested with thermostat.
 Serviced boilers, cleaned chimney pipe, changed nozzle, changed oil filter, effiency for both boilers 84%

  Contacted Enokhok




 Checked mechanical room, no buzzing noise, buzzing may have come from water low alert.
  We noticed the boiler was low on glycol, I grabbed the pump and glycol from the shop and topped off the boiler.
 Checked zone valve, heat good after moving zone valve.
 Zone valve not opening, closing, replaced zone valve.
 Replaced the aquastat on the boiler.
 Replaced pressure relief valve, added a container under pvr, added 10gal of glycol.
 Replaced pressure relief valve, placed a container unde pvr, addled 10gal of glycol to the system.
 Drained both boilers and added 100% glycol to bring glycol percentage up in boiler so it won't freeze, the glycol was only good to -5 and that is unacceptable, should be good for at -30 to -35, well let t his mix with what was left in the system for a couple of days and check it for temperature it is good for.
 Changed air filters and nozzles. Boiler #1 efficency 81%, boiler #2 effiency 81%
 Checked all heating vents and no heat going through.
 Added glycol to the system.
 I activated the thermostat and the zone valve didn't fully open, I replaced it and the heat began to flow through the zone.

 reinstalled hot water heating vent covers
 Tenant informed us that the issue was resolved.
 We replaced the old zone valve(n/o) and thermostat to a n/o system, energized and tested.
 We noticed the boiler was low on glycol, I grabbed the pump and glycol from the shop and topped off the boiler.
 We noticed the hrv coil wasn't producing heat so we activated it, we then turned up the settings in the mechanical room.
 Serviced boiler, changed nozzle, filter and cleaned pipe and furnace. 84% effiency.
 No heat this morning at my house.
 Checked for fuel, checked furnace, replaced both snap discs and fan came on but not the burner, replaced the mother board and started furnace.

 The zone valve was constantly spinning, once changed the system worked properly.
 Installed new pressure gauge on air scoop behind boilers.


" emailed

Drain boiler of all glycol and add new glycol to bring -40 glycol supply by houisng."

 Checked unit, no fuel smell, no leaks, tenant said the smell went away, checked furnace, no leaks.
  Took out filters and cleaned at shop, put back together and tested good.
Cleaned filters for hrv.
 Delivered thermostat, they are isolating and we can't go into their unit.
 Cleaned filters for hrv.
Repaired heat trace line
 Took filters out and cleaned, hrv couldn't go on as tenant said someone needed to order a part for it.
 Unit was too hot, due to zone valve stuck, spun them around and heat went down, back in normal working order.

 Cleaned and changed nozzles., boiler #1 85%, boiler #2 83%
 Checked boiler on temperature and pressure, low on glycol, added glycol to boiler, went into unit B to check for heat, zone valve not responding to thermostat, replaced hermostat and zone valve but still not working, showed tenant how to open and close zone valve and told them we will work on next day.
 After testing themostat we noticed it wasn't activating the zone valve, we by passed the thermostat and the zone valve activated, we changed the thermostat and tested the system, everything is working properly.
 Cleaned altres for hrv.
Completed
 Took out filters and cleaned at shop, put back together and tested good.
 Checked HRV, unplugged, we plugged unit back in and cleaned the filters, all ok.

 Porcelain socket out of place, placed into right and got it going.


 Vacummed and checked 2 boilers, replaced 2 nozzles and 2 oil filter cartridges, boiler #1 is operating at 85 1/2 effiency, boiler #2 is operating at 86% efffiency.
 Replaced pressure relief  valve, installed on the vertical, placed a tray under the burner.
 Replaced the pressure relief valve on the vertical, placed tray under burner.
 Vacuumed and checked 2 boilers, replaced 2 nozzles, replaced oil filter cartidges, Unit #1 is operating at 85 % effienciency, Unit #2 is operating at 86% effiencencyk glycol is good to -40
 Bled air from burner pump.
 Put some nuetroda on pan, tightened boiler opening.
 Reset boiler.

Topped up glycol to boiler system about 7L.
Heat was ok while we were working on kitchen drain.  Replaced passage doorknob and adjusted striker plate.
 Turned on valves for unit in mechanical room.
 Checked out boiler room, nothing noticable, boiler was down on pressure so recharged the system.
 Replaced pvr and seperated from each boiler, placed a tray under burner, placed a container under pvr.
 Seperated adjoined prv pipes into individual (independant of each other), replaed pvr, placed a tray under the burner, replemished  glycol in the makeup tank.
 Replaced 2 zone valves and tested with thermostat, works properly, replaced 2 burner motor, teste and works properly.
 Serviced boiler, changed nozzle, changed oil filter.

 Added 10 litres of glycol because unit was out of pressure, brought pressure on boiler back to 20lb.
 Added about 10L of glycol, 60/40 mix to the system, No heat.
 Serviced and changed nozzle and oil filter, 84%
 Added 15 litres of glycol to the system, it was showing 0 pressure.
 Checked mechanical room, boiler was good but nothing pushing through, circulator pump was stuck so opened manually, glycol started to go through.
 Replaced burnt out circulator pump.

 Zone valve not working for crawlspace, replaced zone valve, added glycol to boiler, circulator pump not working, replaced circulator pump and checked for heat.
 Checked boiler, replaced faulty circulator pump and tested.
 Added glycol to the system.
 Circulator pump not circulating, replaced circulator pump for boiler hwm
 Replaced faulty circulator.
 Replaced circ pump.

 Reset controls on hrv.
 Vacuumed and checked 1 boiler, unit is operating at 85% effiency.
 Had to replace zone valve which was sticking. ( Back in good working order)
 Replaced the old zone valve and tested the thermostat, everything is working properly.
 Replaced faulty zone valve.
 Checked mecanical room, was all good, unit switch for heat was turned off, turned it on, heat ok.
Completed



 Went into crawl space to check for sewage overflow, no sewage or sewage smell in crawl space, will clear sewage vent when zoom boom is working.
 Replaced batteries and tested system.
 I went to the unit and inspected the thermostat, the aaa batteries were dead, I returned to the shop to ge a po for batteries, after picking up batteries I returned to the unit to install and teste.


 Efficiency of boiler #1 85, boiler #2 is 87
 emailed
 emailed
 Checked heating, loosen and sprayed wd 40 on stuck zone motor and tested.
 Replaced zone valve and tested with thermostat.  Reg had been on the 12th & changed the head of the valve. I removed the complete zone & replaced (complete zone)
 I tested the zone valve, it didn't open, when manually spun it activated, I replaced the motor and tested.
 reset boiler
 zone valve not opening/closing when testing with thermostat. replaced zone valve and tested
 Went to mechanical room,  the furnace had no power so I called for Vince, he checked it with his power device and he found the problem.
 Boiler temperature and pressure was ok, went into unit and tested thermostat, bled air from valve, normally opened zone valve and checked for heat.
 Went into mechanical room, boiler #2 switch was off, turned switch on and both circulator pumps went on, checked unit for heat.
 reset boiler
 Turned zone valve on.

 Bled off vent, all ok now.

Checked heating system, restart boiler #1 that was on reset.  Pressurize system to 15 PSI for more heat.
Reset boiler.
 Turned valves off for hrv.
 Air locked
 Turned off heating supply lines to hrv, will open valves before the winter.
 I went to the unit and removed the old zone valve motor, I replaced it, tested the thermostat and it worked properly.
 I went to the unit and tested the thermostat, the zone valve was stuck after spinning the kial and testing again kit began to work, I made a work order to have it replaced during the week.
 Opened valves for HRV
 Both units were not working.  Replaced 2 fuel pumps and 2 couplings.







 Placed a container under the pressure relief tube.
 Extended  pvr pipe and added a container under pvr.

 Serviced boilers, cleaned pipe and furnace, changed nozzle and filters, change leaking tiger loop areator.
 Glycol was at 10PSI, topped off with 20PSI. Added 10L of glycol
 topped off glycol, was at 10PSI, topped off to 20PSI. Right side boiler pressure gauge no good. Added 10L of glycol.
 replace pressure gauge
  Serviced boilers, cleaned pipes, changed nozzle and changed oil filter, boiler #1 effiency 85 3/4%, boiler #2 effiency 85%
 Replaced 3/8x 1/2 tridicator on the boiler.
 Both boilers were out on safety, I reset both boilers and boiler #1 went on and boiler #2 failed, I replaced fuel pump on boiler #2, seal on this pump was bad and caused air to get into pump #1 boiler.
 Serviced boilers, cleaned pipes, changed nozzle and changed oil filter, boiler #1 effiency 86 1/2%, boiler #2 effiency 85 3/4%, glycol is good.

 Removed old aquastats and reinstalled original set, changed settings and re-energized and tested.
 Serviced boilers, cleaned pipe and furnace, changed nozzle and changed oil filter. effiency #1 84% and boiler #2 85%
 I went to the unit and checked the thermostat, after testing them and observing the zone valves in action I realized it was wired backwards. after charging the wiring it was tested.
 I went to unit to investigate, it turned out the wiring was mislabeled, once reversed system worked properly.
 Checked heating, thermostat and zone's working fine, room temperature at 24*, elderly couple needs a lot of heat.
 I tested all the solenoid valves but none had made any noise
 Checked both boilers, reset both snap discs on the flu pipes, reset both burners and waited for heat to go through.
 -Connect snap control wire together on both flue's and boilers came on. - Tighten loose union on fuel line for 2nd boiler
 Checked heating, found loose wire in mechanical room for zone.
 Checked heat, she just had to put furnace switch on.
 Reinstalled fad cover.
 I recieved a call for not heat, I went to the shop and noticed George was there, he offered to help, we went to the unit and seen that the livingroom zone was cold, when wee to the mechanical toom we realized that the thermostat was working in reverse, once turned off the heat returned, after tracing the wire it turned out the bedroom and livingroom were mixed up.
 I checked the rad and there was no heat, once I turned up the  thermostat the heat turned on.
 Completed

 Checked both boilers, reset both snaps on flue pipes and both boiler came on.
 Switched boilers from 1 to 2 on.

 Thermostat was down low, turned it up and heat started.
 Checked heating, reset snap disc control on both FLVE pipes in mech. room & tested
 went to unit to check for fuel smell but found nothing
Replaced 2 nozzles and 2 oil filter cartridges.
  Serviced and cleaned boilers, changed nozzle, changed filter, effienceny #! 84%, #2 85 3/4%
 Jago
"emailed
completed."
 Serviced and cleaned boilers.
 Replaced nozzle, bled air from unit, reset the electrodes and cleaned the retention head of soot.
 Went into apartments and turned up thermostats in every bedroom and checked for heat, boiler temperature and pressure was good.
 Serviced boilers, changed motor on #1, changed oil filters, changed nozzle.
